
regulary meeting and powerfull tools
aovid manny a litte quick question,


open-atomphose

1.one to one meeting is not the place to creating or  brainstorming project
(it should happened in projec meeting or reaccurence meeting)
2.is not for critisize or strong correcting
althougn it should be feedback or manner correcting.


Delegate
 you delegate tasks to them or they to you
Coordinate
  how often do you need to  coordinate you schedule?
Follow up
   how often do you follow up with each other?

Determine schedule

The framework of one on one meeting
Beigin on time
1.actong item followup
2.Help the person learn and growth
3.theri needs
4.your needs
5.review next step


Reviewing

Follw up any delegate items(ask about each delegated item)
Keep the comment brief just like geate or good job.

what did you gain for doing this?
what stood in the way for doing this?(Not use this ,why is a very strong word)
(why often means you are not good engouh to do this,why you are not faid to do this)

(after they say,you have greate knowledge to help them how to finish this)
Become a trusted resource  not a demmanding task master



Training
what(the concept you going to teach)
1.request for help
2.greatest need
3.new processe

how(how you will teach it)

1.story(you can tell some true story to help them)
2.visual aid(you can use a picture manager show me the responsieble)
3.use video

Listening
what do you need from me?
allow othe person to go through their list
(make sure they have any opportunity to ask question)
You role is to help other to be successful.
who takes action?
what is the next step?
when to be done(commit to follow-through)
In the one-to-one meeting the most important role is to server other


Delegating
1.reivew one to one task list.
2.give specific descriptions abouth results
(give the praticluar result the other person to acheive)

3.give a clear
who take action?
what is next step?
when to


Reviewing action items
focus from how to end result
1.Make sure the other person to feel freedom to determine their own schedule
they own way to completing the task
rather the way to focus how  focus on the end reuslt
avoid unnesscary micromanage
2.end on time or early
if you repect other time,they will repect you time









